1 - what is Emmit?
    Emmit is a plugin for many popular text editor which greatly imrpoves HTML and CSS Workflow,
    Emmit is a free add-on for your text editor , it allows to type shortcuts
    then expanded into full piece of code,
    by using emmit developer type less they can save the time and keystroke at a time

2 - What is the difference between Library and Framework 
    Library - Library is predefined functions and predefined programs are written to use the create specific task
    Framework - Framework is a bundle of programs or it consisting of all variety of code for developers like syntax,
    and functions to resuse the logic

3 - What is CDN ? why do we use it ?
    A CDN or content delivery network is a network or collection of servers in location all over the world
    a CDN can refer to many types of content delivery services, such as load balancing and video streaming
    - CDN's network servers allows companies to deliver content from their websites and mobile applications
    more quickly, based on their geographical location,
    a CDN moves data and application closer to the end user - incresing speed, enhancing security and improving the user experience

    Benefits or use of CDN
    -Reduced page load time
    -Improved avalability
    -Increased scalability
    -Increased security

4 - Why React is known as React ?
    React is named because of its ability to react to changes in data.
    when the data in react component changes, react will automatically re-render the component so that 
    it reflects the new data . This makes it easy to create performant user interface that always up-to-date

5 - What is cross origin in script tag ?
    The crossorigin attribute on a <script> tag specifies that CORS is supported when loading an external script file
    from third party server or domain

    Example 
    An <script> with crossorigin attribute. with this attribute, the script element supports CORS.
    No credentails are sent when the script file is retrieved 

    Using crossorigin
    -   The crossorigin attribute specifies that the script element supports CORS 
        CORS stands for CROSS ORIGIN RESOURCE SHARING
        CORS is a standard mechanism to retrive files from third party domain or server
        If specified , the script file will be sent with or withour credentails

6 - What is the difference between React and React DOM ?
    React librabry is responsible for crating views and
    React DOM library is responsible for rendering UI in the browser
        React package contains - React.createElement, React.createClass, React.Component , React.PropTypes, React.Children
        React DOM package contains - ReactDOM.render, ReactDOM.unmountComponentAtNode, ReactDOM.findDOMNode